We kind of snuck in a little bit of this,
but haven't really talked about it,
and that is how do we verify or tell that our test is
a valid test of our application?
We've got it wiring things up,
but not really going through and making it a real test case.
And this is useful if you're a developer and just
wanting to automate navigation.
But if you really want to go through and tell that
something is in fact valid at this point,
you need to do one of two things.
First, we can do an assert. An assert checks to make sure something is true.
If an assert fails,
the test stops because an assert says this needs to be
true in order for me to continue.
So you might use an assert to verify that you're on a particular page by
checking the title of that page before you try to click on anything on it
because there's no point if you're not on the correct page.
It means you've already failed.
Verify, on the other hand,
actually checks some statement and the test can still continue to pass that.
You might put multiple verification steps in it,
and if it fails, it will log that failure,
but will keep going on so that you might be able to check multiple things.
An easy way to remember this is if an assert fails,
that test has failed, and it's really an error. And if a verify fails,
then it probably is actually a failing test, and then probably it's
actually a failing test case, and there might be multiple verifications
that could fail. So only one assert value, but multiple verify failures are allowed.